Aug 31, 2017
The Nerd Crew Episode 5 - The Last Jedi Trailer #2 Breakdown!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qv8q1ENfWBA
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/903276779951022081
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154979768942634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew-the-last-jedi-trailer-2-breakdown (404)
https://www.redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew/the-nerd-crew-episode-5-the-last-jedi-trailer-2-breakdown

M:
Hello, and welcome to The Nerd Crew. I'm Mike, and I'm what you might call a rock star in terms of people who make videos commenting on things you may have missed in movie trailers...on youtube.

J:
That's right, and I'm Jay. I'm sorry, I feel terrible. I have the worst cold right now.

R:
And I haven't had anything to eat, so do you mind if I have just a little something. Is that okay?

M:
Sure.


Okay yeah I'm just gonna make a little something on my nice, uh, death star popcorn machine.


So I  know you guys weren't really prepared to shoot an episode of The Nerd Crew today but there is just so much breaking Star Wars news, that we had to film.


I think he got more outside of the death star popcorn maker than he did inside the death star popcorn maker.


I feel like I'm gonna pass out.


Can we just do this later.


No Jay.


We can't just do this later.


Look you signed a contract with disney I mean this program to make pathetic fucking shell videos okay.


Rain or shine.


Now just because you don't feel good doesn't stop amazing news from happening.


And the duty that we have to talk about it on the internet.


Look why don't you take one of these kylo ren's Star Wars vitamins.


Maybe it'll make you feel better.


Fucking vitamins.


Don't they make Star Wars sudafed.


They do but they were all out.


And you know this machine it's so quiet, too.


What.


What.


The machine, the Star Wars death star popcorn machine, it's so quiet, it's like a whisper.


What's he saying.


Something about a popcorn machine.


Could you say that again buddy.


What.


Did you say you say you're my buddy.


I know we've known each other a long time.


No, no, the thing you said before that there's something about the popcorn machine, the death star popcorn machine.


Oh, yeah, the death star popcorn machine.


One of the best features of this Star Wars death star popcorn machine is that it's whisper quiet.


At home when I'm running a vacuum cleaner, you can hardly hear it.


I agree I didn't vote for trump either.


Right, right.


Are we still making the fucking popcorn.


And the machine's, the machine fine.


Look, as you can see the quality craftsmanship on this.


Oh, my god.


It looks just like the death star.


Oh my god.


You're spilling hot butter all over the table.


There's an awful lot of smoke.


Where, where, where are the Star Wars, uh, wipes.


I don't think the butter is supposed to go on top of the popcorn maker.


I, I think there's a problem.


Is it supposed to do that.


Why is my popcorn on fire.


I think the machine's on fire.


Oh my god.


Um, do we have, that's, like, really on fire.


I think that's taken care of the problem but there seems to be more smoke.


Is it supposed to do that.


Oh, my god.


Quick, get the anakin skywalker fire extinguisher.


I'm too weak to stand up.


Who would've thought that the death star popcorn machine would have one fatal flaw built into it.


So, uh, uh, anyway, uh, uh, the popcorn itself, it's, it's tasty.


So, recently, entertainment weekly posted a series of images from Star Wars episode vii.


Ooh, I haven't seen those yet.


Yeah.


Very cool.


And since Rich hasn't seen them yet, Jay, why don't you get out your ipad if you remember those, and Rich, you could take a look at the images as we discuss them in detail.


There you go, there's the ipad.


Did you get this at a goodwill.


Here, Rich.


Here's the ipad.


This is our first image.


So, um, we're gonna put these up on the screen, but Rich is also gonna gonna be looking at them.


And this is an exclusive first look for Rich.


Rich has not seen these images.


I can't wait.


I can't wait.


They've been out for weeks, but somehow he has not seen them.


Now, what we're gonna talk about first is how amazing this first image is.


The variation in her costume is incredible.


Uh, we see, she has less sleeves than she did in, in, in the first movie.


Well, it definitely looks like she's still wearing rags.


They're just slightly different colored rags.


A slight different variation of a homeless person costume.


And now we know that you know this is the same location that we saw at the end of the force awakens.


We'll see that same location again.


I was wondering if the film would have any continuity with the previous one.


I believe the rocks in the background is the location where she meets luke skywalker.


I'm sorry is this an exclusive because I was unaware that the rock was in this film.


That's quality.


Now in this next image we see rey talking to luke skywalker.


And if you'll notice luke skywalker is standing inside the cave, while rey is on the outside.


Neither of them look very happy, and I'm just gonna go out on a limb and I'm gonna say they're having a disagreement of some kind.


Maybe he wants to stay.


Maybe she wants to go.


But I think the most important thing to take from this image is her hairstyle is different.


Very cool.


It is very cool.


It's done in three buns.


That's such an amazing twist on the previous film.


Now because mark hamill is standing in this doorway and there's a separation between them maybe rey is just waiting for mark hamill to get out of the way so that she can walk inside in the scene.


Maybe she has to use the bathroom.


Now has it been confirmed that this is indeed an image from The Last Jedi and maybe not some other film.


Now, now the tip of her staff looks like it might be some sort of a lightsaber.


Oh.


So maybe maybe this is a lightsaber staff.


We haven't seen that before.


We haven't seen that before.


We have never seen a lightsaber staff before in Star Wars.


We have not seen that before.


Exclusive information that we now maybe possibly have what could be a lightsaber staff.


Now Rich, would this have a lightsaber, uh, I want to say lightsaber ejaculate but really it's a it's a lightsaber, uh, I want to say "erection".


It's a lightsaber penis.


What, what is, a sword, a blade, blade is the word I'm looking for.


It's a saber.


It's a lightsaber.


Is is the blade going to come out on both ends of the staff or would that be too close to darth maul's staff.


I think it's going to be like a lightsaber spear.


It's just gonna be one tiny lightsaber out of the tip.


And this is a lightsaber meant for throwing.


Oh my lord.


We have never seen that in a Star Wars film before.


This is an exclusive, Rich.


This could be brand-new material here everybody.


Brand new.


Ooh.


My mind.


Just like our popcorn machine.


Now Rich, why don't we go on to our next image which is not of rey and luke skywalker.


Uh, it is a familiar character finn with a new character who I'm not familiar with.


Rich, can you describe the image even though we're gonna put it up on the screen.


Rich is seeing this image for the first time.


He's seing all these images it's the first time.


This image tells me there are minorities in this film.


And, and that's great because you know the Star Wars it's more diverse than it's ever been.


That's true.


This is true.


This is, we have never had a minority in a Star Wars film before, ever.


This is true.


It's very true.


Very true.


It is incredible.


Very diverse.


So while white people still have all of the main roles in the Star Wars universe, I am still proud of disney for taking this bold step and giving minorities all of the less important side roles.


Well, kudos to disney for taking this brave but still safe marketing decision.


Disney is very inclusive, but not too inclusive.


Now if only the avengers could be a little more inclusive.


If I wanted to see a cracker factory I'd visit nabisco.


Oh, snap.


What is that.


Oh, sorry, I'm hungry.


Okay, guys, let's move on to our next image.


Ready, Rich.


Here we go.


I'm gonna, I am gonna swipe now.


The fuck is that.


This isn't real, right.


This is a, this is a prank.


Are they taking a shared universe to the next level.


Are we, are we incorporating caddyshack into the Star Wars universe.


Yeah it's very clear that's someone photoshopped a furby into that image or something because disney knows not to go that overboard with the cutesy marketable stuff .


It's a very funny prank.


I never thought entertainment weekly had a really really great sense of humor until now to publish fake images.


Maybe ashton kutcher was the guest editor because he hosted that punk show 37 years ago.


I remember that show called punk'd.


Do you remember punk'd.


When I saw the phantom menace I thought I was being punk'd.


I just confirmed it.


It's real guys.


And it's amazing.


It's very cool.


It's very cool.


Very cool.


Very cool.


That little creature is just, it's just gonna be gold.


Now Rich, we're gonna move on to our next exclusive image.


This is an image of characters that are apparently luke's caretakers on the island that he lives on.


Are you ready.


I'm ready.


I'm gonna swipe now.


Um, I, I think you made some kind of mistake.


This is quite clearly station from bill and ted's bogus journey.


I have confirmed this.


It's real guys.


Oh.


Well, it's very cool.


Very cool.


Very cool.


I can't wait to see these characters on screen in Star Wars.


They look incredible.


Now that it's been confirmed that that is not station from bill and ted's bogus journey I think it's an incredibly creative and original idea and vision.


I think these creepy creepy monsters that will give children nightmares are just gonna sell like hotcakes.


They're adorable.


They're almost as adorable as the furby.


They look like a turd with a face.


You know what this looks likeit kinda looks like if you know et had sex with the sadness turtle from the neverending story.


Oh.


These, this.


Right, right.


Sorry, Jay was coughing again.


Jay, if you need to use the darth vader humidifier, I've plugged it in for you.


You just turn the knob on the back.


There you go.


Hopefully this won't blow up.


I've put some vicks vapor rub inside it.


Oh it smells like james earl jones.


This smells like some sort of chemical.


What, what did you put in here.


Uh, battery acid.


It smells like something that I should not be ingesting.


I read on oprah's website that battery acid was good for a cold.


If you start bleeding from your nose, we know it's working.


Is it supposed to make you feel more sick.


Guys, I've got some new information coming in on the official Nerd Crew monitor.


It looks like disney has just announced plans for an Obi-Wan Kenobi standalone film.


Oh my god.


That is so cool.


Very cool.


Now this is great news because it was completely unexpected.


This is such a unique turn that I would have not considered disney would take with Star Wars.


Who would have known.


You know the great thing about this is that it's a character that we know.


Rich, where is Obi-Wan.


Where would he be for a standalone film.


Well well well after revenge of the sith, uh, Obi-Wan clearly goes to tatooine.


Mm-hmm.


And we know he spends the next 17 years just wandering around tatooine.


So I, I think we can expect to see a lot of sand and, uh, uh, meditation.


Well, yeah, that's not gonna make for a very exciting film so I have a feeling Obi-Wan is gonna leave tatooine and maybe go on some kind of crazy fucked up adventure.


A lot can happen in 17 years that no one will ever mention again.


Might, might I be so bold as to suggest the return of darth maul.


Ooh.


Ooh.


We never officially saw him die.


We only saw him get cut in half.


That's correct, Rich.


You can get cut in half and still survive.


Just like my grandpa in the second world war.


We called him old halvsy.


So Rich, if darth maul did survive the plunge down into that pit on naboo does he have robot legs.


Oh I was gonna say skateboard but robot legs that's much cooler.


That would just be amazing.


You know I bet he could run really fast like as fast as someone with robot legs.


I can just imagine the action figure line.


Darth maul is darth maul.


The iconic darth maul that we know and love except for he has robot legs.


And that's the difference.


What's really amazing is that it's darth maul but with robot legs.


What if both halves of darth maul get robotic replacements.


Oh my gosh like he fell into some kind of factory.


Like he fell on some kind of like robot factory that was at the bottom of naboo.


And then like like the top half of cars maul gets merged with like the bottom half of an r2 unit.


And we get to see you know more details and how r2 units can get around in rough terrain.


Oh, very cool.


And fly around with r2 rocket boosters.


Yeah, yeah.


And in the bottom half of darth maul we'll get like mixed with some kind of spider robot.


And he'll have even more legs.


And then at the end of the movie Obi-Wan kenobi has to team up with the top half of darth maul to fight off the eight-legged bottom half of darth maul.


Wow that sounds so awesome.


That is very cool, Rich.


Very cool yeah.


I believe carrie fisher misspoke when she said Star Wars is about family.


"it's about family, and that's what's so powerful about it.

".


Star Wars is about a half darth maul with a robot bottom.


Star Wars is really about a top half darth maul robot and a bottom half darth maul robot fighting each other with 20 lightsabers while Obi-Wan is stuck in the middle.


Hang on guys.


Something's coming in on the official Nerd Crew computer monitor.


Oh my god.


Disney has now just announced plans for a job of the hutt standalone film.


A movie about a gangster slug that doesn't speak english sounds so appealing.


It sounds very cool.


Remember who's writing the checks here.


Very cool.


Well, they want, you know, they wanna, they wanna expand their audience they want more women to come in and see a movie.


And they think women want to see a movie about a fat slug who is corpulent and can't move.


They've already made kevin smith films.


Oh my god.


My Star Wars news feed is going haywire.


What's on the bbs now.


Guys, disney is announcing plans for Star Wars standalone films at a rapid pace.


I can't even keep up.


There's another one coming in now.


It's a standalone film for 4-lom.


Who the fuck is 4-lom.


It's one of the bounty hunters from empire strikes back.


Oh I've never seen it.


Oh my god in 2028 we're gonna be treated to a general rieekan standalone film.


And if you don't remember who that is it's the general from empire strikes back who orders the evacuation of hoth.


He's got a whole backstory about his service in the rebellion.

I 
And let me tell you it's gonna be amazing.


"we better start the evacuation.

".


He's gonna have deal with claims of being a coward because he fled from hoth rather than standing his ground.


We'll just have to ask lawrence kasdan because he's rumored to write.


You know I was just thinking.


Is calling them standalone films is that offensive to paraplegics.


I think disney should really take this into consideration.


Oh Jay, that's that's a really good point.


I hadn't thought about that before.


You know maybe maybe we should organize some kind of protest or march about this because I can I can really sympathize with the paraplegics you know.


I, I know how they feel because sometimes I'm just too lazy to stand or walk myself.


They've just announced another standalone film.


Well this one's not happening till 2054, so we have a little bit of a wait.


I've already pre-ordered my tickets.


Oh, yes.


Very cool.


What is it.


What is this movie, Mike.


I need to know.


I need to know.


I'm gonna say it.


Can you tell us the title of the film or who the main character is.


I don't know the title but I can tell you who it's about.


It's a standalone film about lobot.


Ah, yes.


Wait, who's lobot.


Lobot's the guy from empire strikes back.


Lando's friend.


The bald guy with the robot head.


The robotic implant in the back of his head.


The guy who's just standing in the background.


Rich, everybody knows lobot.


Oh that's my favorite character.


Well I'm sure we're all very familiar with lobot but for the sake of the audience.


Yes, yes.


You know, we want to make sure that everybody is up to date on lobot.


Okay guys I'm going on to wookiepedia now and now and I'm looking up lobot.


Okay.


Lobot also known by the nickname "lo" or chrome-dome was a male human from the planet bespin who with the assistance of his aj6 cyborg construct was paid to run battlefield calculations for the galactic empire.


However he eventually began working with the smuggler lando calrissian aboard the millennium falcon running numerous criminal jobs.


During one job the theft of the emperor's personal yacht, the galactic terror, lobot.


Wait, wait, the emperor's personal yacht was called the galactic terror.


Lobot was gravely wounded by an imperial guard when he was hit in the back of the head by a wudu claw, which scraped his brainstem.


Lobot served as calrissian's aide, personal confidant, and chef.


After being denied entrance to the mas eisley cantina due to his cyborg nature.


"hey we don't serve their kind here".


"what".


Lobot then organized the peaceful protests or "sit-in" with other cyborgs in the cantina.


He eventually won the right to drink at the dive bar and was awarded cyborg ofthe year by jabba the hutt at a ceremony on bespin.


This lobot backstory sounds incredible.


Very cool.


Well, guys, this is exciting there is just so much Star Wars news coming out every day.


What a great time to be alive.


Oh my god guys.


I just got a message.


The new trailer for The Last Jedi just dropped.


Oh my god.


Holy shit.


Oh my god.


Let's go watch it.


We have to go watch this.


I'm caught on the cable.


Rich.


Oh, my god.


Hurry up, Mike.


Hurry up.


Go, go.


Jay, get it, get it ready, get it ready.


I'm caught on the cables.


I'm caught on the fucking cables.


Cable, up, foot, foot up here.


It's caught on my leg.


Get that over.


There we go.


What do you think I do, yoga.


All right, guys, here it is.


The Last Jedi trailer number two.


This is our first viewing of it.


Oh, I can't wait.


All right, um, oof.


I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready.


Can i, can I play it.


Yeah yeah hit it, hit it.


I predict to be blown away.


Yes


okay.


Absolutely.


Hit it, Jay.


Ooh.


Yeah.


Come on, come on, come on.


Oh.


Ooh.


All right.


Ooh wow.


Wow.


Wow.


Oh, my god.


Tie-fighter, tie-fighter.


I see it, I see it, I see it.


Ooh, vistas.


Yeah.


What planet is that.


I wonder who this character is.


Ooh, lightsaber.


I saw it, I saw it.


I saw a lightsaber, I saw a lightsaber.


It was green.


It was green.


What.


Lots of, lots of woods.


Okay.


Lots of woods.


Is that cosplay.


Oh.


Wow.


Oh.


Wow.


Oh, my god.


Oh, wow.


Oh, my god.


That's a satellite dish like they had in return of the Jedi.


Jedi, Jedi.


Kylo ren.


Kylo ren.


Kylo ren.


Kylo ren.


Kylo ren.


Kylo ren.


Costume's a little, okay, okay.


Uh, what.


Oh.


"You don't know the power that crystal holds."


Oh, my god.


Is that guy wearing a polo.


"Report."


"Escaped prisoner heading towards the main hangar bay."


okay.


Oh, my god.


Oh, oh.


Wow.


That was a cockpit.


That was a garage.


Who was that guy.


Oh, oh god, he got stabbed right in the fucking face.


There's kylo ren.


That's kylo ren as a little kid or something.


No sleeves.


Whoa.


Whoa.


Oh, my god.


Holy shit.


"Stop calling me ben!"


Don't call him ben.


He doesn't like that.


Yes.


Yes.


Yes.


Whoo!


Yes.


Amazing.


The Last Jedi.


Yep.


That was a fake trailer.
